## Q1. I'd like to know about where you live, tell me about your favorite room and what does it look like?
- I live in the apartment which is located in Busan, south korea. and my favorite room is my sister's room. cuz there's a desk so that I could study. you know what? I don't have any desks and chairs in my room. but it was all my fault cuz I thought I would live in the dorm after I finishing my military service so I wouldn't need any desks and chairs. but you know, I was wrong. I'm still in my house and I'm struggling with my sister getting the room. it doesn't look that special but... for me, the only thing which makes that room speical is the desk and chair in that room.


## Q2. what were your responsibility when you were young, what were you expected to do?
- when I was young, I was responsible for doing my homework. my mom always told me that I must get things done if I wanted to do something that I want. I mean, you know, she thought that doing homework was so important. and she thought that homework is not just the tasks that I had to finish. I think she regarded it as my responsibility for my entrie life. there was a time when I knew that. um... I was riding a bike..and I had a lot of fun. while I was riding a bike, I faced a woman... and you know,...I looked like my mom...at that time, when I realized that I didn't do my homework...I was wondering she wouldn't know that I didn't do my homeowork...but when I saw that angry face..I was like, holly...I'm dead...you know,,.. I'm a dead man... but she came to me and taught me an important lesson not just yelling at me...actually she wasn't angry at me not doing just a homework. she was angry at me not taking responsibilities.

## Q3. Describe the home you lived in as a child. how is it different from the home you live in now?
### Comparison Strategy -> 절대 비교 먼저 하지 말고, 현재 상태에 대해서만 먼저 말할 것!
**MP(Pure Present First) : I live by myself on a normal looking apartment**
- thesedays, I live with my parents on a normal looking apartemnt. but in the past, I live in the house not an aprtment. I think I was happier that day cuz I could run and jump without caring about others. you know, I can't run or jump in the apartment cuz we live with others and I know that It will cause some sesitive issues..the reason why felt happier that day is just because I was less stressed so I could jump and run to de-stress. I mean, releaving my stress. I think I'm an energetic person so...for me,,, running and jumping is a way to de-stress...I know, I know that running in the house is not the only way..maybe I could take a walk or go outside..I know there's a different way to de-stress. but the main reason is the time. I mean I want to jump and run anytime and anywhere. but I can't do it now. so I wish I could go back to the home I lived in as a child
  

